Storing Flights
-	As admin creates flights, our class System will be storing them by using HashMap.
	There will be two Hashmap, one that stores the object Flight with the key named after
	its departure. This means that when we want to look at all the flights that departure
	from a certain location, we find the key that is named after the location and get all
	the flights. Similarly, we use another Hashmap to store the object Flight with the key
	named after its arrival. This means that when we want to look at all the flights that
	are arriving from a certain location, we kind the key that is named after the location
	and get all the flights.

-	We use this because we want to be efficient in searching through our data and getting
	the ones that are useful.

Storing Itineraries
-	We want to get all the possible itineraries before displaying it to the user. To do this,
	we store all the itineraries inside a List. In this list, it is possible for us to sort
	by travel cost and travel time.

Files
-	We will be using two files: one for storing all information about user and one for storing
	all information about flights.
	In our file for storing information about user, our first line will be the name of the user,
	if it exists. If not, it will be empty. The second line will be information about billing,
	if it exists. If not, it will be empty. Under all of this, will be all the booked itineraries
	for this user. Once we are done setting/getting this user, the next user’s information will be
	there. We are going to differentiate between the users by having 10 hyphens (----------).
	Although one hyphen is enough to differentiate, having 10 hyphens, it will be easier to read.

-	In our file for storing information about flight, we will simply have a pattern:
	first line will be flight number, second line will be departure date, and so on until
	we set/get all the information. All flights will have the same amount of information,
	this will create a pattern (each flight will have n number of information, n+1 will be the start
	of new flight information)
